## Enterprise Web Development module - Serverless REST Assignment.

__Name:__ Tibor Molnar

__Demo:__ https://youtu.be/4YqjZ0TGfjo

### Overview.

State briefly the content of this repository.

### App API endpoints.

[ Provide a bullet-point list of the API's endpoints (excluding the Auth API) you have successfully implemented - see the assignment specification as a guide.]
e.g.
+ GET /movies/reviews/[movieId] - Get all the reviews for the specified movie. The code for supporting optional query string that specifies a review ID or reviewer identity (email address), e.g. ?revieId=1234 or ?reviewerName=joe@gmail.com is left commented as could not retieve it over postman however the querystring was logeed in cloudwatch. I may have called it wrong way over postman.
+ POST /movies/reviews - add a movie review. Only authenticated users can post a review.
+ PUT /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewId} - Update the text of a review.

### Features.

#### Translation persistence (if completed)

[ Explain briefly your solution to the translation persistence requirement - no code excerpts required. Show the structure of a table item that includes review translations, e.g.

+ MovieId (Partition key) - Number
+ ReviewId - Number (Autogenerated)
+ ReviewerId - String (reviewer email address).
+ ReviewDate - String, e.g. “2025-01-20”. Updatable.
+ Content - String (the review text). Updatable.
+ Translations - ?
]

#### Custom L2 Construct (if completed)

[State briefly the infrastructure provisioned by your custom L2 construct. Show the structure of its input props object and list the public properties it exposes, e.g. taken from the Cognito lab,

Construct Input props object:
~~~
type AuthApiProps = {
 userPoolId: string;
 userPoolClientId: string;
}
~~~
Construct public properties
~~~
export class MyConstruct extends Construct {
     public  PropertyName: type
     etc.
~~~
}
]

#### Restricted review updates (if completed)

[Explain briefly your solution to this requirement - no code excerpts required]

Only authenticated users can perform POST and PUT requests, whereas GET requests are publicly accessible. In addition, only the originator of a review can update it.


#### API Gateway validators. (if completed)

[State where in your app API's list of endpoints you used API Gateway's Validators. Include code excerpts from your stack code that illustrate their use.]

###  Extra (If relevant).

[ State any other aspects of your solution that use CDK/serverless features not covered in the lectures ]



